python-automationhat python3-automationhat
python-blinkt python3-blinkt
python-cap1xxx python3-cap1xxx
python-drumhat python3-drumhat
python-envirophat python3-envirophat
python-explorerhat python3-explorerhat
python-fourletterphat python3-fourletterphat
python-microdotphat python3-microdotphat
python-mote python3-mote
python-motephat python3-motephat
python-phatbeat python3-phatbeat
python-pianohat python3-pianohat
python-piglow python3-piglow
python-rainbowhat python3-rainbowhat
python-scrollphat python3-scrollphat
python-scrollphathd python3-scrollphathd
python-sn3218 python3-sn3218
python-skywriter python3-skywriter
python-touchphat python3-touchphat
python-buttonshim python3-buttonshim
python-unicornhathd  python3-unicornhathd
python-pantilthat python3-pantilthat
